docs/add vmalert with VictoriaMetrics cluster (#1476)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaLogs: docs/victorialogs/vmalert.md

[vmauth](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victoriametrics/vmauth/) to route requests of different types between datasources.
See an example of a vmauth config for such routing below:

> Vmalert should be configured with `-datasource.url=http://vmauth:8427/` to send queries to vmauth,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vmalert should be configured with `-datasource.url=http://vmauth:8427/` to send queries to vmauth,
```

> and vmauth will route them to the specified destinations as in the configuration examples below.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and vmauth will route them to the specified destinations, as in the configuration examples below.
```

> and vmauth will route them to the specified destinations, as in the configuration examples below.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
vmalert should be configured with `-datasource.url=http://vmauth:8427/`, so all datasource requests go through vmauth.
vmauth routes these requests to VictoriaMetrics or VictoriaLogs according to the request path, as shown in the examples below.
```

> 
> #### Using VictoriaMetrics Single Node
> ```yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
#### Using VictoriaMetrics Single Node

```yaml
```

          url_prefix: "http://victorialogs:9428"
```

#### Using VictoriaMetrics Cluster

> For VictoriaMetrics cluster we have to setup the paths a bit different because vmalert isn't tenant aware.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For the VictoriaMetrics cluster, we have to set up the paths a bit differently because vmalert isn't tenant-aware.
```

> VictoriaLogs multitenancy doesn't put the tenant information in the path so nothing needs changed for that.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VictoriaLogs multitenancy doesn't put the tenant information in the path so nothing needs to be changed.
```

> Please refer to [How to use multitenancy in rules](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/vmalert/#how-to-use-multitenancy-in-rules) for information on multitenant alerts with VictoriaLogs.

Reviewer 2: I think `vmalert isn't tenant-aware` is too broad, the issue is narrower, OSS vmalert doesn't automatically add VictoriaMetrics Cluster tenant IDs to the datasource URL

```suggestion
For VictoriaMetrics cluster, Prometheus requests must be routed to a tenant-specific `vmselect` path, because OSS vmalert doesn't add VictoriaMetrics tenant IDs to the datasource URL automatically.

VictoriaLogs requests can keep the same route, because VictoriaLogs tenant IDs are passed via `AccountID` and `ProjectID` HTTP headers instead of URL path segments.
Please refer to [How to use multitenancy in rules](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/victorialogs/vmalert/#how-to-use-multitenancy-in-rules) for information on multitenant alerts with VictoriaLogs.
```

> > Note: Vmalert in VictoriaMetrics Enterprise supports multiple tenants natively and doesn't require this additional configuration.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Note: vmalert in VictoriaMetrics Enterprise supports per-group tenants with `-clusterMode`, so it doesn't need this manual VictoriaMetrics cluster path rewrite.
```

```yaml
    unauthorized_user:
      url_map:
        - src_paths:
          - "/api/v1/query.*"

>           url_prefix: "http://victoriametrics:8428/select/<accountID>/prometheus"

Reviewer 2: this example should use something like `http://vmselect:8481/select/<accountID>/prometheus`. 

```suggestion
        - src_paths:
          - "/api/v1/query.*"
          url_prefix: "http://vmselect:8481/select/<accountID>/prometheus"
```
